Tue May 27 14:28:09 CEST 2014
Add actual pictures of the QCM stuff.  What I'm thinking of now is at the
intro you have the picture of you holding it, like from your presentation.

Also, don't forget your particle counting business.  Even the first set of
experiments with the "sticking" stuff is probably somehting that should be
in there.

Wed May 21 20:42:48 CEST 2014
http://texblog.org/2012/07/03/fancy-latex-chapter-styles/


Fri Feb 14 14:00:59 CET 2014
Make all names small caps.


Thu Feb 13 15:24:25 CET 2014
The following is a list of things I may have forgotten from my notebooks
over the years:

- ANSOM, Excess light coming from areas messing up the tip signal
- universal conductance fluctuations
- is it possible to distinguish a single/multiple scattering speckle
	patterrn from the pattern alone?
- what is the origin of the increased sensitivity in the multiple
	scattering regime?
- importance (and definitios) of contrast and __
- different localization regimes
- crusie missile problem, manhattan problem
- universal conductance fluctuations

there are many aspects of SPR that have yet to be explored in the context
of biosensing

sensitivity as everything to do with your detector, and almost nothing to
do with what you're measureing.  If you have a small change, a very
sensitive detector will be able to resolve it.  Therefore the purpose of
increasing sensitivity is all about accomodating your detector

SPR based biosensors typically operate in one of four interrogation
principles: angular, intensity, wavelength, and phase.  It has been
suggested that the ultimate sensitivitiy is agnostic with regards to the
method and coupling principle.  SPR devices are already diffraction
limited, so there's really nothing that can be done further.



Wed Feb 12 21:03:55 CET 2014
Tango colors look pretty good

Wed Feb 12 20:37:45 CET 2014

I set things up differently now:

This will refresh the mupdf window:

watch xdotool search --class mupdf key --window %@ r > /dev/null 2>&1

I used this plugin to get the live preview working

https://github.com/xuhdev/vim-latex-live-preview

To load it you have to type :LLPStartPreview or something like that

History and Significance

Some things to add to the thinger:

- angular sensitivity of the ring guy

- nanoparticle synthesis
	"instentaneous and quantitative functionalizetion of gold nanoparticles
	with thiolated DNA unsing a PHassisted and surfactant-free route
	
	+ take extension curves for AuNPs


- new work with gregory
	+ old work with gregory
	+ all things from WLGR-plasmon

- long range surface plasmons and how to make the grating business

- microfluidic protocols

- CBS cone measurements

- scattering stuffs

- coherent backscattering experiment


Protocols
---------

Have a section here where you just state plainly the different protocols so
as not to detract too much from the main text.
